Added task to obtain data (#10)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop: docs/2_registration_project_access_session.md

#### Upload data

> Go back to the Readme at the begining of the repository and follow the instruction to obtain the data for the hands-on session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to [the README](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop/blob/main/README.md) and follow the instructions to obtain the data for the hands-on session.
```

> [README](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_workshop/blob/main/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
